Before presentation
- Be done with theory part (for now); exact wording egal, i.e.: 
> empirical PIT / Copula
> GOF 
> Estimation (MLE)

> Have plots:
x simulated data
x marginal distributions
x pseudo-obs
- copula (empirical and parametric based)
x fitted copula
- gof graphs
(Can just focus on the visual comparison bc not sure of how to proceed)
	-> @Henri: Paper asym vs sym bc usually sym. Now: the asym from paper vs vine? 
	Can focus on limitation of NACs 
	Can simulate how true vine is modelled by NAC and vice versa
	Is this additional flexibility even relevant for hydrology? 	


TODO: Define an actual goal we want to achieve; \
Paper focuses on how much better asymmetric copulas are compared to symmetric ones\
Another goal could be that we use that paper
already showed FNAC are superior to common models, and I could compare
vine copulas (more flex) with FNACs. I expect not too much improvement
if we only focus on 3 variables, but we could extend our approach to
more than 3 and then see how they compare? Then I skip on all the
estimation theory and stuff?\
Note: Goal should be interesting from hydrology point of view and not too crazy from statistical point of view....

1) 
Effect verschiedener Einflussgrößen auf Zusammenhang von Volumen und Dauer
(e.g. Slope, Kanalbreite, Oberflächenrauigkeit, Zuflüsse, etc.) 
-> Grund: Für großflächige hydrologische Modellierungen kann man flussspezifische 
Zusammenhänge von Volumen und Dauer ableiten 
-> Fragen von uns dazu: 
-- hydrologisch
> Wie viele Variablen bzw. welche Variablen sind interessant? 
-- statistisch
> Variable selction using copulas? 
	i.e. Based on the data, we can select the relevant variables 
> Hypothese: Slope, Kanalbreite, etc haben Einfluss
Wie kann das statistisch verlässlich untersucht werden? 
	-> Idee (vorerst): mixed Copula?
	Weil Problem: Konstante Variablen innerhalb einer Messstation für 
	Vars wie slope, Kanalbreite... 
STASTISCH PROBLEM: Slope, Kanalbretie, etc sind konstant innerhalb einer Station
	Wie kann man den Effekt von den Konstanten untersuchen? 
	Idee: Über verschiedene Flüsse hinweg die Daten assimilieren, damit nicht 
	konstant ist
	Problem: Keine Ahnung, wie sich dadruch der Zusammenhang ändert? 
	Müssen dann mixed Copulas genutzt werden? 
	Datensatz ändert sich: 1 Slope Punkte = Mehrere Peak, Volume, etc. Daten bzw. sogar 1 Slope Punkt = 1 eigene Copula
2) 
Statistischer Fokus:
Vergleich NACs und Vines
Hydrologischer Zusatz: 
Minimum discharge zusätzlich untersuchen






Presentation structure (idea): 
- Why is the hydrology part important? 
- Give intro to hydrology variables 
- Show the simulated data as an example of how the hydrology data look in practice
i.e. given our goal, we come across this data
- Briefly go into copula theory
- Go back to data and apply transformations + fit + gof
- Give outlook

> PIT graph

For presentation

> Include hydrology graph on which we can explain the variables we want to exaime 
(i.e. introduce hydrology variables graphically) 

> Have simulation and simulation plots done

> Keep theory low key; give basics on everything, but focus on interpretation of it in 
presentation and give behavior of each depending on assumption / copula
- Use graphs: 
	"How does PIT work"   
	-> "How does copula look like"
	--> Based on the seen strucutre, where does this originate? 
	NAC:-> Generators
	-> How do generators look like -> Give that they depend on parameters 
	-> How to estimate them
	VINE: ?

	-> Fit Copula and visually compare simulated / "real world" data to data from fitted copula 

> Finally, give outlook on which river we want to apply these methods + 
what we could add to our simulation / what we could examine 

> For generators and copulas, use graphs of both while introducing them and 
keep the mathematical properties to a minimum
(See Hofert Fig. 3.8)

@Group
- Which other methods than the ones I thought of would we like to apply?
hypothesis test to test for significant differences due to slope?


@Henri: 
- Does that sound sufficient of a workload for this paper? 
- How much are we supposed to dive into mathematics? 
- In the paper, they identify the marginal distributions and even give the formula of the 
density. This is super useless imo. 
	Can we have an appendix where I put the densities? I mean, the density forumla 
	itself is not relevant at all, right? 
- Based on what I read and how nested copulas are estimated, 
	separate conditions of nested copulas is valid (right?) 
	I cannot find any source to cite tho. 
	Can I just state "as seen from estimation process" (here I have sources)
	"separate considerations are valid IF same family? 
Or do you know a source? 
Or is it not even valid? lol. 
- Not really sure how to best proceed with this paper.. I think the theory part if quite big due to all the theory behind copulas 
	and the additional methods I use with them (generator, MLE, test statistic)
1) Give theory and simulation to check behavior of goodness of fit measures on 
FNACs and then see them applied to real data
2) Give theory on Vine copulas and maybe also include another variables to make 
the model more complex and check how vine copula handle more complexity better?
(Aparently they are more flexible?)
BUT: How useful are Vine copulas (high flexibility) if we only consider trivariate anyway
--> Vine copulas allow to represent all d(d-1)/2 relationships I think 
Simulate using Vine and check how nested copula performs vs vine? 
ISSUE: Also, not sure if we can fit VineCopulas AND NACs into the paper of just 15 pages
(( 3) mixed copulas? Not sure how useful they even are. I barely look into them)
